# Snippets to sort

music webdav
v9wt agv8 ya99 6hgr

https://archive.ph/GukDh

The fullwood observation point is 1132 ft above sea level. The Humber Bridge is 510 ft high. Based on the curvature of the earth, the horizon would be a little over 41 miles away, and the first 77.7 feet of the bridge would be hidden. (The road is almost 100 ft from the water) So yes, with the right clear weather, we could see the top 430 ft of the bridge.

favourite part of the county though is probably some of the villages to the west of Barnsley as there's some nice countryside round there. I like the area around Tickhill and Bawtry as well and the area around Kiveton. But yeah for the most part, the county is a lot of decaying ex-mining towns.

bell-end-ciester-shire-upon-thames

8 Jul 2025, 22:29:52
If we’re talking psychological addiction (not physical withdrawal) then social media, movies, and high caloric-density foods should be added to your list. All of these can result in similar re-enforcing effects.
The brain chemical dopamine mediates motivation on a scale from desirable to aversive (not the subjective experience of “feeling good/bad”). Things that are psychologically addictive increase dopamine’s activity. After the experience ends, the reduction in dopamine activity is felt along a gradient from intense desire to panic to depression. This is psychological withdrawal and takes time to subside as one’s body returns to normal. Additionally, dopamine is involved in movement to influence approach/avoid behaviors and voluntary movements. Hence we see addicted people not thinking clearly, taking very risky actions, in an attempt to “return to feeling normal” (the subjective euphoria has been attenuated by tolerance, but the burning desire for “more” is still getting stronger).
As the primary mediator of motivation, dopamine centres in the brain receive inputs from eyes, ears, skin, taste buds, hunger receptors in stomach, etc. Anything we find enticing has associated sensory inputs that mediate behavior re-enforcement. Hence we see severe addiction with experiences outside of illicit drugs like porn, sex, specific niches, adrenaline junkies, body image, food, etc.


- Birds don’t sweat so some of them shed heat by gular fluttering, vibrating the skin in the throat area to produce moisture and evaporative cooling

- Sarah Boone, a 19th century dressmaker who invented the modern day ironing board, which she particularly adapted for ironing ladies’ garments. In 1892, she became one of the first African American women to be awarded a patent.

- 3 Aug 1492 Columbus set sail from Spain for the "Indies", with disastrous consequences for the people who already lived there. He landed in the Bahamas, where he began enslaving and murdering the Arawak people

- On 2 January 2020, residents of Antofagasta, Chile, held a fake protest for a stray dog named [El Vaquita](https://preview.redd.it/4o7pz4vaog981.jpg?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=81939567546c79089943bcdc53439baf2e42397c) in order to trick him to visiting a veterinarian. El Vaquita ("little male cow") is one of several famous street dogs in the country, who frequently join demonstrations and protests [protest dogs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riot_dog) and instinctively side with them during confrontations with the police. During one clash, El Vaquita was shot by police with a riot shotgun and injured by a pellet. He would not allow himself to be captured, and had repeatedly refused to be adopted, so no one could take him to the vet. So instead, local people organised a fake demonstration, which he then joined, which led him voluntarily to the vets where his injuries were treated. In 2019, in a poll by the local newspaper El Diario, he was voted "character of the year", surpassing all of the humans. We have posters and other items commemorating other protest dogs Negro Matapacos and Loukanikos.

- 1979: UK was sitting on a revenue bonanza from North Sea Oil, had a National Debt of just £80bn and owned all it's utilities, transport, infrastructure & millions of social homes. In 2022: UK has £2.4Tn national debt & virtually no assets. Thatcher pissed it all up the wall for political brownie points. Compare how Norway spent its oil revenue in the same period of the Thatcher era

- Each summer, wasps in the UK capture about 14 million kilogrammes of insects such as caterpillars and greenfly, making them important friends to gardeners. There are over 7,000 species of wasp living in the UK, comprising a huge variety of solitary and social species

tags:

1982, ironing-board, birds, women, african-american, patents, 19th-century, invented, factoids, antofagasta, wasps, insects, oil,

The idea that god exists is kind of like a “nanny cam”. The idea that it exists is enough for some people to behave better.

Blind subservience to an imaginary being - believing in a god

Family Guy Shite (edit)
this thing is gonna come down to the arbitrary whims of what elderly volunteers were able to get transport here on a Tuesday











































































































